Name:    Andrey Vasilyev
Class:   CSIS 252
Program: Assignment 9
Date:    11/05/07
The program carries out the following operations:
1) creates the objects of class stack and queue
2) input character from the keyboard into the array of stack and queue
3) compares characters from the array and queue to figure out a palindrome
4) if the words from the queue and stack have the same letters it is a palindrome.

The input of the program:
1) the input is from the keyboard
2) the input is the string of letters. If the string includes any other characters besides letters 
these characters are ignored. If the string includes lower case letters these letters changes to 
upper case by means of the function "toupper()"
   
The output of the program:
1) The program outputs the phrase "it is a palindrome" or
"it is not a palindrome". The output depends on the comparison of the letters between stack and queue

The program has the following algorithms: 
1) compares each character from the string. If character is a space or punctuation then it is ignored. 
If the character is a letter and has lower space it is changed into upper case

Program design
1) The program includes Abstract Data Types. The objects of classes StackType and QeueType are 
Abstract Data Types. 
2) The objects Stack and Queue save the array of letters as type string. Then the objects can manipulate the
letters by means of predefined methods.  
3) The class StackType and QeueType are template classes and can work with different data types; 
they dynamically allocate array   
4) The class StackType and QeueType have constructor, destructor, copy constructor, 
overloading the assignment operator and various methods
The user can specify the size of the array in constructor. The constructor creates the array of 100 elements by default  
The destructor dellocates the memory occupied by the array. 
The copy constructor is called when a stack or queue object is passed as a value parameter to a function. 
the assignment operator is explicitly overloaded because of pointer data members
5) The function assert() checks the stack and queue. If they are empty the program terminates. 

The program has the following files:

File			function	 	description
Main.cpp 		main()			main function	
myStack.h		Declaration and 	Declare and implement the template class Stack 
			implementation
queueAsArray.h	Declaration and 	Declare and implement the template class Qeueu 
			implementation

The test of the program.
1) Different characters were entered from the keyboard. The program reads only upper case letters and save them in array.
2) Low case letters were entered from the keyboard. The low case letters were changed into upper case letters and saved in the array.