// Andrey Vasilyev
// CSIS 352
// README
// 03/14/2009
// Assignment 5

Description of the program 
The program declares secretaries of different classification. Then it assigns 
appropriate values to secretaries according to their classification. For example, 
hourly, part time secretary is assigned wage, number of work hours in comparison 
with full time secretary who gets salary. When the values are assigned add basic and 
specific duties for each secretary based on his/her classification. Then the program 
outputs all information about secretaries according to principles of polymorphism and 
virtual inheritance.  

Input of the program
The input is not intended in this program.

Output of the program 
The program outputs the list of secretaries and their information according to 
classification. 
The program outputs the following information about secretaries
1) Secretary’s private information that includes the same fields for all secretary 
classifications: Name, birthday Social Security Number, School Department, 
Supervisor and date when a secretary was hired. 
2) Secretary’s type of payment and related payment information. The program 
outputs wage, number of work hours, and maximum hours for the secretary class 
that is declared as a part time, hourly employee. Wage, Work hours and benefits are 
displayed for the secretary who has classification as a full time, hourly employee. 
Salary and benefits are output for the secretary with classification as a full time, 
salary employee. 
3) Secretary’s basic and specific duties. The program outputs basic duties for each 
secretary and specific duties that are assigned only to specific secretary. 

Design of the program
The program is designed on the bases of multiple inheritance, polymorphism. The 
classes of the program are inherited from the base classes Person and Employee. 
Other employee classes are also inherited from the class employee and become the 
bases for secretary classes. As a result of such multiple inheritance the secretary 
classes get required methods and properties according to classification. 
The multiple inheritance of the program is designed on the bases of diamond derivation 
that could create problems to call required methods without virtual inheritance. 
The virtual inheritance solves the problem of diamond derivation.  
Moreover, the program uses static methods in secretary classes that allow using them 
with allocation of objects. 
The program has abstract method Report declared in the class Employee and implemented in 
inherited secretary classes. The method report outputs information about different 
secretaries on the bases of polymorphism. The pointers to secretary classes are 
created and added to the list of type employee. Then iterator goes through the list of 
secretaries and the method Report outputs appropriate information about secretaries.  
The most important is that program uses the lists and their methods from Standard 
Template Library which makes it easier to develop the program. 

A listing of the files in the distribution 
File				function				description
main.cpp 			main					main function
date.h				date					date class specification
date.cpp			date methods			date class implementation
person.h			person					person class specification
person.cpp			person methods			person class implementation
employee.h			employee				employee class specification
employee.cpp		employee methods		employee class implementation
hourlyemployee.h	hourlyemployee			hourlyemployee class specification
hourlyemployee.cpp  hourlyemployee methods  hourlyemployee class implementation
salaryemployee.h	salaryemployee			salaryemployee class specification
salaryemployee.cpp   salaryemployee methods salaryemployee class implementation
parttimeemployee.h	parttimeemployee		parttimeemployee class specification
fulltimeemployee.cpp fulltimeemployee methods  fulltimeemployee class implementation
secretary.h			secretary				secretary class specification
secretary.cpp		secretary methods		secretary class implementation
secretaryclass1.h	secretaryclass1			secretaryclass1 class specification
secretaryclass1.cpp	secretaryclass1 methods	secretaryclass1 class implementation
secretaryclass2.h	secretaryclass2			secretaryclass2 class specification
secretaryclass2.cpp	secretaryclass2 methods	secretaryclass2 class implementation
secretaryclass3.h	secretaryclass3			secretaryclass3 class specification
secretaryclass3.cpp	secretaryclass3 methods	secretaryclass3 class implementation

Test of the program
The methods of base class secretary and inherited classes secretary class 1, secretary 
class 2, secretary class 3 were tested. Exception of the class Date also was tested if 
the wrong date is entered the programs outputs the message about the error.  
