Name:    Andrey Vasilyev
Class:   CSIS 252
Program: Assignment 5
Date:    09/10/07
The program carries out the following operations:
1) opens the file "peoplefile"ù to read people's name and the date of birthday
2) stores people in the array of objects 
3) calculates people's age and determines the day of week when he or she was born
4) sorts the objects descendly according people's age 
5) output on the screen in the formated view people's list

The program has the following input: 
1) the input from the keyboard. The name of file is typed in command line.
For this purpose it is used arguments in the main function:
argc-the quantity of arguments, *argv[]-the number of argument. 
*argv[]-returns the name of file
2) The input from the file "peoplefile"ù which has the following format: 
person1
birthday
person2
birthday
person3 
birthday
Where the birthday in the format: mm/dd/yyyy.
The output is created on the screen in columns in the following format:
Name			Day		Birthday		Age
------------------- ------------- -------------------- -------------
person's name		day of week   mm/dd/yyyy		person's age
Finally, people's list is represented on the screen

The program has the following algoritms: 
1) Sorting peeople's information descendly according to his/her age.

Program design
1) The arguments in the main function were used which are argc and *argv[]. 
The arguments are necessary to stores the name of the file which is typed from the keyboard. 
2) The program includes the composition of classes and objects. For example, 
it was used the methods of class Data in the class Person where another methods 
calculated people's age, days of week. 
3) It was also used the default constructor which is 
necessary to create the array of objects. 
4) It was created the array of objects of 
class person in the main function. It was necessary for people's list.

The program has the following files:
File		function	 	description
Main.cpp 	  main()		main function	
date.h		Declaration		Declaration of class Data
date.o		Implementation	Implementation of class Data
person.h	Declaration		Declaration of class Person
person.cpp	Implementation	Implementation of class Person

The program was tasted during input from the file
1) Three arguments were typed from the keyboard such as the name of the program, 
the name of the file and any other characters. It was mistake. Therefore it was 
created the check of errors. If you type more than two arguments it will appear mistake message.
2) The data file was tested. If file doesn't open it appears mistake message. 
