// Andrey Vasilyev
// CSIS 352
// README
// 03/01/2009
// Assignment 4

Description of the program   
The program reads employees’ information from the file people and stores all information 
the array of pointers declared as Hourly Employee and Salary Employee. That’s way the 
program can detect different type of employees in the file people and save them appropriately. 
Then the program outputs private information about employees, their name, social security 
number, birthday and age to the file employees. The information about employees’ payroll is 
saved in the file payroll. 

Input of the program
The program reads the following employee’s information from the file people: 
name, birthday, social security number, employee ID. If the employee is paid by hours the 
program reads hours and wage. Otherwise, if the employee gets salary the program simply 
reads salary.   

Output of the program 
1) The program outputs employees’ private information, their name, social security number, 
birthday and age to the file employees
2) The program outputs employees’ payroll information to the file payroll. The payroll information 
includes the following: employee’s name, ID number, gross pay. If the employee is paid by hours the 
program outputs hours and wage. Otherwise, if the employee gets salary the program outputs salary 
to the file
 
Program design
The program is designed on the bases of multiple inheritance and polymorphism. All classes of the 
program are inherited from the base class Person. The inheritance is used to separate the information 
about people. For example, common person might not have employee ID but each employee could have 
ID number, SSN. Moreover, all employees might be paid by hours or get regular salary. That’s way they are 
divided by Hourly and Salary employees. Moreover the program has separate class Employees that allocates 
the array of type Employee. The array is designated to keep pointers of classes Hourly Employee and Salary 
Employee. The class Employees also has virtual abstract method displayPayroll() that is implemented in 
corresponding classes Hourly Employee and Salary Employee. The method is called by the object of class 
Employees and outputs either Hourly Employee or Salary Employee to the file payroll on the bases of 
polymorphism main principles.  

A listing of the files in the distribution 
File			function			description
main.cpp 		main				main function
getemployees.cpp	getEmployeesFromFile()	function is used by main function
writeemployees.cpp	writeEmployeesToFile()	function is used by main function
array.h			array				array class specification
array.cpp		array	methods		array class implementation	
date.h			date				date class specification
date.cpp		date methods			date class implementation
person.h		person				person class specification
person.cpp		person methods		person class implementation
employee.h		employee			employee class specification
employee.cpp		employee methods		employee class implementation
employees.h		employees			employees class specification
employees.cpp	employees methods		employees class implementation
hourlyemployee.h	hourlyemployee		hourlyemployee class specification
hourlyemployee.cpp   hourlyemployee methods      hourlyemployee class implementation
salaryemployee.h	salaryemployee		salaryemployee class specification
salaryemployee.cpp   salaryemployee methods       salaryemployee class implementation

Test of the program
The program was tested to read and write appropriate information about employees from one file and 
to another one. Different types of employees (Salary and Hourly employees) were saved in the file 
people and the program were able to read the file, detect Salary and Hourly Employees and output 
appropriate information in the files payroll, employees. 
